Add Google ADK integration docs (#3002)
redis/docs: content/integrate/google-adk/search-tools.md

---
LinkTitle: Search tools
Title: Redis search tools
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- integrate
- oss
- rs
- rc
description: Vector, hybrid, text, and range search tools for Google ADK agents.
group: ai
stack: true
summary: Add retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) to ADK agents using RedisVL-powered
  search tools.
type: integration
weight: 3
---

> adk-redis provides four search tools that wrap [RedisVL](https://docs.redisvl.com) query types into ADK-compatible tools. The LLM sees each tool as a callable function with a `query` parameter and gets back structured results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adk-redis provides four search tools that wrap [RedisVL]({{< relref "/develop/ai/redisvl" >}}) query types into ADK-compatible tools. The LLM sees each tool as a callable function with a `query` parameter and gets back structured results.
```

range_tool = RedisRangeSearchTool(
    index=index,
    vectorizer=vectorizer,
    config=RedisRangeQueryConfig(distance_threshold=0.5),
    return_fields=["title", "content"],
    name="range_search",
    description="Find all documents within a semantic distance threshold.",
)
```

## Multi-tool agent

Wire multiple search tools into a single agent and let the LLM choose the right one:

```python
from google.adk import Agent

agent = Agent(
    model="gemini-2.5-flash",
    name="search_agent",
    instruction=(
        "You have three search tools. Use search_products for conceptual "
        "queries, keyword_search for exact terms, range_search for "
        "exhaustive retrieval."
    ),
    tools=[vector_tool, text_tool, range_tool],
)
```

The `name` and `description` on each tool matter: the LLM reads them to decide which tool to call and when. Specific descriptions like "Find products by semantic similarity" work better than generic ones like "search documents".

## More info

- [redis_search_tools example](https://github.com/redis-developer/adk-redis/tree/main/examples/redis_search_tools): All four search tools with a product catalog

> - [RedisVL documentation](https://docs.redisvl.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [RedisVL documentation]({{< relref "/develop/ai/redisvl" >}})
```
